Update configure-linux-os-azure-monitor-sap-solutions.md (#104187)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-machines/workloads/sap/configure-linux-os-azure-monitor-sap-solutions.md

1. The node exporter now starts collecting data. You can export the data at `http://IP:9100/metrics`.

## Prerequisites to enable secure communication

> To [enable TLS 1.2 or higher](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/workloads/sap/enable-tls-azure-monitor-sap-solutions), follow the steps [mentioned here](https://prometheus.io/docs/guides/tls-encryption/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To [enable TLS 1.2 or higher](enable-tls-azure-monitor-sap-solutions.md), follow the steps [mentioned here](https://prometheus.io/docs/guides/tls-encryption/)
```
